SWTOR Patch Downloader for NEW LAUNCHER by RealymanLP
https://www.youtube.com/c/RealymanLP

The program is written in Python and should run without any program instalations.

 1. Open the file "patchdownloader_installer_threaded.exe"
 2. Select the product
 3. Select the environment
 4. Select the language
 5. Check "Search for new version?", if you want the program to automatically check for a new version.
    If a new version is found, old version information is renamed and numbered.
    (Only needed for root. For the others, just keep it checked.)
 6. Chose the location, where you want to save the files. You have to use "/" instead of "\"
    Use the button "Select Directory" to select it directly
 7. Select the Download-file-structure.
    cdn - Downloaded files will get sorted like on the cdn. Good to create a copy of the cdn.
    root - Downloaded files will get downloaded directly into the selected directory
    backup - Downloaded solidpiece files will get sorted like on the cdn and all the other
             files will get downloaded directly into the selected directory. Good to create
             a backup with all versions.
 8. OPTIONAL Check "Download other version?" and click "Search all versions" to get other builds of the
    selected version.
 9. OPTIONAL If you want to install the downloaded files, check "Install files?"
10. OPTIONAL Chose the location, where you want to have the patch installed.
11. Click "Download & Install" to get the patch and install it if selected.
    Click "See creation date" to see the date, when the version got released (probably not correct 
    at the moment)
    Click "See hex-id" to see the hex-id of the version.
    Click "See size" to see the size of the version.

Console Mode (no longer maintenanced, use at your own risk!):
1. Open cmd.exe in the current dirctory.
2. Run "patchdownloader_installer_threaded.exe -?"
3. Run "patchdownloader_installer_threaded.exe" with the given parameters to download (and install)
   your version

If you have any questions or if you found a bug, 
just DM me on Discord RealygirlLP#7726

Thanks to Pazaz#0001 for creating the Installing-Method!